# Gluten - POC project

I'm a coeliac, finding gluten free restaurants overseas requires a great research effort, lets make that easier (and create a POC project to demonstrate knowledge)

There is a great deal of information about places to eat out in various places online, forums, blogs etc
This information is generally not formatted well for the main question people have when travelling: 
I am here <insert street or city name>, what places are near by can I eat? Do they have a gluten free menu? Do they understand what gluten free means?

So the problem to be solved with this project is, how can I collect, format, sort information from these sources and present it in a geo spatial way, 
i.e. on google maps

Automate as much as possible the above process, provide information to fellow coeliacs and people who wish to eat gluten free

Demo link - https://gray-smoke-001bcb21e.5.azurestaticapps.net/


## Project Goals 

 - create angular demo app
 - learn how to integrate AI in to applications and the development process
 - create a MAUI app
 - create something I can use
 - create something that can be used as a tech demo
 - explore any interest by other potential users
 
## Pricing 

 - Maps $25/month
 

## Top level design 

https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLStmKTs=/?share_link_id=80895895213

## Smeagol

Collect information from Facebook groups. The interesting bit here is the lack of API access to the group data and finding a work around.

## Frodo

Parse/process collected information to make it cleaner, quicker to read. Create geographical locations for each data item.
Use AI to help extract key data fields.
Create a database indexed on location, so it can be later used to search for relevant local information.

## gluten-angular-map 

A very simple angular app that consumes the data generated by the back end and shows it in a simple usable way.

## Gluten-blazor-map

POC to explore how blazor works.

## Samwise 

Created a part of the POC discovery process. It was useful to have a UI to simplify the data processing steps to achieve a usable 
application in time for my visit to Japan. This project remains however is currently not required.

## GlutenMobile 

POC MAUI application for android. 

## Gluten.Core 

Multiple projects that contain key core functionality.

## Gluten.Data 

Contains classes for the data model

## Gluten.DataProcessing

Provides services and helpers to process data extracted from Facebook.

## Gluten.FBModel

Contains data structures that represent a snapshot of FB models

## TODO 

User wish list
 - some way to address keeping the shop info up-to-date/accurate

These items continuously change during the POC phase, but here are some highlights -

 - improve data processing
 - expand areas of data collection to provide cover of other countries
 - pin filters
 - collect information from sources other than facebook groups (web-searches, blogs?)
 - provide additional information about restaurants
 - add support for modifying the data within the client application
 - make UI pretty
 - Add support for gluten free cards 
 - move data from embedded json to a backend
 - better use of code patterns once POC phase is complete

# User document

See https://www.facebook.com/groups/769136475365475